Li Kui said: "When will my brother raise an army? I will also raise an army there."
Answer. Song Jiang said: "Brother, don't blame me! The day before yesterday, the court sent an angel to give me medicine and wine. I took it and died on the same day."
evening. Throughout my life, I have only advocated the word "loyalty" and will not deceive anyone in the slightest. Today the imperial court would rather punish innocent people to death
The imperial court failed me, but I am loyal to the imperial court. After I die, I'm afraid you will rebel and destroy my loyalty to Liang Shanbo.
The name. So please come and meet me. Yesterday, while drinking, I gave you a slow medicine. If you return to Runzhou, you will die.
After you die, you can come here. Outside the south gate of Chuzhou, there is a Liao'erwa. The scenery is the same as that of Liangshan Park, and you can be with your ghost.
gather. After my death, my body will be buried here, I have determined it! "After saying this, I shed tears like rain.
When Li Kui saw this, he also shed tears and said: "Come on, come on, come on! When you were alive, you served your brother, but when you die, you are just a subordinate of your brother."
ghost! "After he finished speaking, he burst into tears and felt that his body was a little heavy. At that time, he shed tears and said goodbye to Songjiang and disembarked. Returning to Runzhou,
Sure enough, he died from the drug. When Li Kui was about to die, he told his followers: "When I die, please be sure to take my coffin to the south gate of Chuzhou."
Wai Liao Er Wa and his brother were buried together. "He died as he was told. The servants prepared a coffin and stored it. True to his word, he supported the coffin and left.
Besides, Song Jiang felt sad since he said goodbye to Li Kui. He missed Wu Yong and Hua Rong and was not allowed to meet them. It's the night when the medicine is in danger,
He told his followers: "As I say, bury my coffin deep in the Liao'erwa Plateau outside the south gate here, and I will surely repay you."
Your virtue among all. Please follow my instructions! "He passed away after saying this. Song Jiang's servants prepared coffins and buried them according to the ceremony. Chuzhou officials listened.
According to his words, he should live up to his will and follow his relatives, local officials, young and old, and help Song Gongming's coffin be buried in Liao'erwa.
A few days later, Li Kui's coffin also arrived from Runzhou and was buried beside Songjiang's tomb. Let’s talk about Song Qing’s illness at home.
When he was ill, he heard that his family had returned and reported that his brother Song Jiang had passed away in Chuzhou and was ill in Yuncheng and could not come to Tianjin to see him off. Smell again later
It is said that he was buried in Liao'erwa outside the south gate of Honshu. His family members only came to worship and see the tomb. It was well built and restored to the Song and Qing Dynasties.
Not a problem.
But it is said that Wu Yong, the military advisor of Wu Shengjun's successor to Xuan, was often unhappy after he took office. He always missed the love between Song Gongming and Song Gongming.
Heart. Suddenly one day, feeling in a trance and sleeping restlessly. At night, I dreamed of Song Jiang and Li Kui, grabbing their clothes and saying:
"Military advisor, we take loyalty first and do justice for Heaven. We have never betrayed the Emperor in our hearts. Now the imperial court gives me medicine to drink. I will die.
innocent. After his death, he was buried deep in Liaoerwa outside the south gate of Chuzhou. If a military advisor wants to reconnect with old friends, he can go to the tomb
The tomb came to have a look. "Wu Yong wanted to ask for details, but he suddenly realized that it was a dream. Wu Yong burst into tears and sat down
And wait for the day. Having this dream makes me sleep and eat restlessly. The next day, he packed his luggage and headed to Chuzhou. Without followers, alone
Come running. When we arrived at Chuzhou, we found that Song Jiang was dead. I only heard that the people there were all sighing. Wu Yong arranged the rituals and went all the way to the south
In Liao'erwa outside the door, they found the tombs and placed them to commemorate Song Gongming and Li Kui. They stood in front of the tombs, slapped their tombs with their hands, and cried: "Benevolence"
The heroic spirit of my brother is not ignorant, and I beg for enlightenment. Wu Yong was a scholar in a village. He first followed Chao Gai. Later he met a dear friend and saved his life.
Enjoy glory. For more than ten years now, it is all thanks to my brother's kindness. Since I died for my country today, I have been told by a dream that I have no brothers.
In return, I am willing to have this good dream and meet with my dear friend under the Nine Springs. "After saying this, he cried bitterly. He was about to hang himself, but all he saw was flowers.
Rong rushed from the boat to Yu's tomb. When he saw Wu Yong, everyone was surprised. Wu Xuexiu then asked: "Brother Xian, what are you doing in Yingtian Mansion?"
Officer, why did you learn that Brother Song was dead? "Hua Rong said: "Since my brothers were dispersed and took office, they have never felt at ease physically and mentally.
I miss the brotherhood. Because I had a strange dream at night, I dreamed that Song Gongming’s brother and Li Kui came, grabbed the younger brother, and told him,
The court ordered him to drink medicinal wine and poison him to death. He is now buried on the Liao'erwa Plateau outside the south gate of Chuzhou. Brothers, if you don't abandon the past, you can go to the grave.
Take a look. ’ Therefore, my younger brother left home and drove without hesitation, arriving here at starry night. Wu Yong said: "I have a strange dream.
The same is true, no different from a good brother, so it comes. It’s best that my virtuous brother is here. Wu misses Song Gongming’s kindness in his heart.
It's hard to leave, the friendship is hard to repay, I'm about to hang myself here and die, my soul is together with my dear friend. Things to do after death, entrust to the virtuous
younger brother. Hua Rong said: "Since the military advisor has this intention, I will follow you and return to the same place as my dear brother." "It seems like this is true
Those who are in harmony with life and death. There is poetry to prove it:
Dreams grow in the red polygonum puddles, and flowers bloom and Wu use them all to grieve.
How can we bear the loss of Tian Heng alone if we share the same spirit of righteousness and blood?
Wu Yong said: "I hope that my dear brother will bury me here after seeing me die. How can you do this?" Hua Rong said: "Little
I think of Brother Song, whose benevolence and righteousness are hard to let go, and his kindness is unforgettable. When I was waiting in Liangshan, I was already a guilty person, but luckily I survived.
Feeling that the emperor pardoned his sins and invited peace, he conquered the north and the south and established meritorious deeds. Now his surname has become famous and is heard all over the world. The imperial court has been born
If you are suspicious, you will definitely look for the sin of romance. If he were to be punished by his treacherous scheme and mistakenly punished, he would have no regrets at that time. Now Sui Ren
Both brothers died in the underworld, but they also left a clear name in the world, and their bodies must return to their graves! Wu Yong said: "Brother Xian, listen to me.
I am single and have no family, so why not die? You now have a young son and a lovely wife, so where can I rely on you? Hua Rong said: "This
It doesn't matter, I have enough money to make ends meet. The wife's house also has its own people to take care of it. "The two cried loudly, both hanging
He hanged himself in a tree and died. The people on the boat had been waiting for a long time but did not see the official coming out. When they all went to the grave to look, they saw only Wu Yong and Hua Hua.
Rong hanged himself to death. He hurriedly reported it to the officials of the state, prepared a coffin, and buried him next to Songjiang's tomb in Liao'erwa, as if he were surrounded by things from east to west.
The people of Chuzhou were grateful for Song Jiang's benevolence and loyalty. They built ancestral halls, offered sacrifices at all times, and prayed for him, and they all felt the same.
Not to mention that Song Jiang repeatedly appeared in Liao'erwa, and his requests were answered immediately. But Emperor Daojun, in the inner courtyard of Tokyo, has been given the imperial
After drinking with Song Jiang, Shengyi raised many doubts and did not know the news about Song Jiang, so he often only missed him. Every day, Gao Qiu and Yang
Those who talk about luxury and are deceived by their use will only block the path of virtue and murder the good and the good. Suddenly one day, the emperor was playing in the inner palace and suddenly
Then thinking about Master Li, he walked through the tunnel and two small yellow gates to his back garden and pulled the bell rope. Li Shishi
He hurriedly welcomed the holy driver and sat down in his bedroom. The emperor then ordered the door to be closed. Master Li puts on makeup and lives forward
After that, the emperor said: "I have recently felt a slight illness, and now I have ordered the miracle doctor An Daoquan to treat me. I have not come to see my beloved for dozens of days."
Hui, I miss you so much! When I see you now, I feel so happy! "Li Shishi said: "I am deeply loved by Your Majesty.
This bitch is so ashamed! "The room was laid out with wine and food, and we had a drink with the emperor to have fun. After only a few drinks, we saw that the emperor was sleepy.
tired. The candles lit were bright, and suddenly there was a cold wind in the room. The emperor saw a man in yellow clothes standing in front of him. The emperor was shocked
Qi asked: "Who are you, have you come here?" The man in yellow shirt said: "I am from the Songjiang tribe of Liangshanbo."
Next, I went to Dai Zong, the Taibao of Shenxing. The emperor said: "Why are you here?" Dai Zongzou said: "My brother Song Jiang is only on the left and right.
Qi asks Your Majesty to get out of the car and drive with you. "The emperor said: "Where can I go with my carriage? Dai Zongdao said, "It's a good place to be beautiful."
Please have fun with Your Majesty. "After hearing this, the emperor got up and followed Dai Zong out of the backyard. Seeing that the carriage was ready, Dai Zong
The emperor please ride on his horse. But seeing clouds and mist, hearing the sound of wind and rain, I arrived at a place. But see:
The long smoke and water, the faint clouds and mountains. Not looking at the brightness of the sun and moon, only the water and sky can be seen. The eyes are full of red polygonum flowers and green ones
According to Yizhou reed leaves. Two pairs of swan geese, whining at Shazhujitou; pair of pairs of geese, sleeping tiredly by the bank of Baiheting. Clusters of frost maples,
It seems like tears stained by people leaving; windy willows are sparse, like frowning eyebrows of a resentful woman. The pale moon, cold stars, long night scene, cool wind and cold dew in autumn.
At that moment, the emperor noticed the inadequacy on his horse and asked Dai Zong, "Where is this, do you want me to come here?" Dai Zong pointed to the mountain.
Guan Lu said: "Your Majesty, please go ahead and we will know when you get there." The emperor rode up the mountain and walked through the three passes to the third pass.
In front of me, I saw hundreds of people prostrate on the ground. They were all generals wearing robes, armor, uniforms and leather belts, and golden helmets and armor. The emperor was shocked,
He even asked: "Who are you, sir?" He saw the first one, wearing a golden helmet with phoenix wings and a brocade robe and golden armor. He stepped forward and said: "Your Majesty.
That's why Liangshan is at the foot of Songjiang River. The emperor said: "I have taught you to be a pacifier in Chuzhou, but why are you here?" "Song
Jiang Zhao said: "I would like to invite your majesty to come to the Zhongyi Hall, and allow me to complain in detail about Zhongqu's unjust death." The emperor went to the Zhongyi Hall.
After dismounting, he went to the hall and sat down. When he looked down at the hall, he saw many people worshiping him in the smoke. The emperor hesitated. I saw the leader Song
Jiang went up the steps, knelt forward and began to play with tears. The emperor asked: "Why are you crying?" Song Jiang said: "Although I have
Resist the heavenly soldiers, always uphold loyalty and righteousness, and have no ulterior motives. Since being ordered by His Majesty to recruit troops, the Liao troops have been retreated first, and then peace
Three bandits, brothers and sisters, will destroy eight out of ten. I have been ordered by Your Majesty to guard Chuzhou. I have arrived and have no relations with the soldiers and civilians.
Everyone knows. Your Majesty now gives me medicine and wine to drink with you, and I will die without regrets. But he was afraid that Li Kui would hold a grudge and have other ideas. Chente
Someone was sent to Runzhou to summon Li Kui, and he was poisoned to death with medicine and wine. Wu Yong and Hua Rong also came here for loyalty and righteousness. On the tomb of the minister,
All of them hanged themselves. The minister and four others were buried together in Liao'erwa outside the south gate of Chuzhou. The locals took pity on him and built an ancestral hall in front of the tomb.
The ghosts of the present ministers and others are still lingering, and they have gathered here to tell His Majesty that they have always expressed their deepest feelings in life. Begging for His Majesty’s holy guidance. "
After hearing this, the emperor was shocked and said: "I personally sent an angel to give Huang Feng royal wine. I wonder who changed the medicinal wine and gave it to you?"
Song Jiang said: "Your Majesty, you can ask the envoys and you will know the source of the evil." The emperor saw the majestic Sanguanzhai Gate and asked sadly:
"Where is this place, where the ministers and others gathered here?" Song Jiang said: "This is where the ministers and ministers gathered in Liangshan in the old days." The emperor
He also said: "Your Majesty and others have died and are about to be reborn. Why are we gathering here?" Song Jiang said: "The Emperor of Heaven feels pity for my loyal ministers.
According to the order of Emperor Jade Fu, the land was granted the title of Bodu in Liangshan. All the generals have gathered here, and it is difficult to redress the situation. Dai Zong is specially ordered to surrender ten thousand times.
The Lord came to the waterfront in person to express his sincere song. The emperor said, "Why don't you go to the Jiuzhong Deep Courtyard and tell me?" "
Song Jiang said: "I am a ghostly soul, how can I get the Phoenix Tower and the Dragon Tower? Now that your Majesty has left the palace, he has been invited here."
The emperor asked, "Can I watch and play?" Song Jiang and others thanked him again. The emperor came down from the hall and looked back at the plaques in the hall.
The words "Loyalty Hall" were written in a big book, and the emperor nodded and went down the steps. Suddenly he saw Li Kui turning around from behind Song Jiang, with two axes in his hands and a sharp voice.
He shouted: "Emperor, Emperor! How could you listen to the instigation of four thieves and ruin our lives? I saw you today, it's just right
revenge! "After Black Whirlwind said this, he picked up his two axes and ran towards the emperor. The emperor was surprised and suddenly realized that it was Nan Ke.
In a dream, I was covered in cold sweat. He opened his eyes and saw the bright lights and candles, but Master Li was still awake. The emperor asked: "I am just a man
Where to come from? "Li Shishi said: "Your Majesty is lying down on your pillow at the right time. "The emperor told the story of the mysterious things in his dream.
Master Li explained everything one by one. Li Shishi said again: "Anyone who is upright must be a god. Could it be that Song Jiangduan is dead?"
Is it because he manifested his spirit and entrusted your Majesty with dreams? The emperor said, "When I come, I will definitely ask about this matter." If if die
Yes, we must build a temple with him and confer him the title of Liehou. "Li Shishi said: "If the Holy One really grants the title, it will show that your Majesty does not
The virtue of a meritorious official. "The emperor sighed that night.
The next day, he came to court, delivered the imperial edict, and gathered all the ministers in the side hall. When there are Cai Jing, Tong Guan, Gao Qiu, Yang , etc., they only worry about the fear of the Holy Emperor
Asking about Song Jiang, he has left the palace. Only Su Taiwei and a few other ministers were beside him, so the emperor asked Su Yuanjing:
"Do you know the news about Chuzhou's appeasement to Song Jiang?" Su Taiwei asked: "Although I have never heard about Song's appeasement, last night I
It was very strange to have a strange dream. The emperor said: "You have a strange dream, please tell me about it." "Su Taiwei said:
"I dreamed of Song Jiang. I went to my private house in person, wearing a military uniform and a helmet. I told you that your majesty died after being given medicine and wine.
The Chu people took pity on his loyalty and buried him in Liao'erwa outside the south gate of Chuzhou. They built an ancestral hall and offered sacrifices at all times. "After the emperor heard this, he
Tingtou said: "This is a strange thing, just like my dream." He also told Su Yuanjing, "You can send your confidants to Chu."
The state is aware of this matter and will report back if there is any urgency. "Su Taiwei said: "Yes. "He received the imperial edict and left the palace. Returned
In his private house, he sent his confidants to Chuzhou to inquire about Song Jiang's news.
The next day, the emperor was sitting in the Wende Hall. He saw Gao Qiu and Yang  beside him.
Any news about Song Jiang? "The two of them didn't dare to start playing, and they didn't know what to say. The emperor was tossing and turning, and his dragon body was unhappy.
Let's also say that Su Taiwei's gangsters have gone to Chuzhou to inquire about the people and are preparing to say that Song Jiang died by drinking medicinal wine. After being mourned, Chu
People feel his loyalty, so he is buried on the high mountain of Liao'erwa in Chuzhou. Wu Yong, Hua Rong and Li Kui were buried together.
The people felt pity and built ancestral halls in front of the tombs. In the Spring and Autumn Period, they held sacrifices and worshiped devoutly, and the scholars and common people prayed, which was extremely effective. Su Taiwei
After hearing this, he hurriedly led the officials inside and prepared to report this matter to the emperor. The emperor was very sad when he saw it. Morning next day,
The emperor was furious and scolded Gao Qiu and Yang  in front of hundreds of officials: "Destroy the country and treacherous ministers, ruin the world!" The two men fell down on their faces.
On the ground, kowtow to apologize. Cai Jing and Tong Guan also forwarded: "Human life and death are all determined by fate. There is no communication from the provincial court.
Don't dare to act recklessly. It was only last night that a petition came to the court from Chuzhou, and the ministers were about to start the memorial. "The emperor was eventually used as a cover-up by the four thieves.
To add to his crime, Gao Qiu and Yang  were immediately driven away by drinking, and then they asked the original envoy to drink wine. Unexpectedly, the angel returned from Chuzhou,
Dead on the road.
Taiwei Su met the emperor in the side hall the next day, and reported to the emperor the story of Song Jiang's loyalty and righteousness. The emperor announced that Song Jiang was his biological brother
In the Song and Qing Dynasties, he inherited the famous title of Song Jiang. Unexpectedly, Song Qing had already suffered from wind disease and could not serve as an official. He expressed his gratitude and wished that Yuncheng could serve as an official.
Farmer. The emperor took pity on his filial piety and gave him 100,000 guan in money and 3,000 acres of land to support his family. When he has an heir, he will be accepted by the court. back
Song Qing gave birth to a son, Song Anping, who passed the imperial examination and became a secretary and bachelor. This is a story later.
Furthermore, the Emperor Gusu Taiwei wrote an imperial edict in person, conferring the title of Marquis of Loyalty, Martyrdom, Righteousness and Lingying on Song Jiang, and also gave money to Liangshan.
He built temples, built ancestral halls, and made statues of many generals and assistants including Song Jiang who died in the king's affairs. The imperial edict bestowed upon the palace tablets, and the emperor
He personally wrote "Jingzhong's Temple". Jeju was ordered to build a temple in Liangshan. But see:
The doors are made of gold, and the doors are made of jade and silver. Painted pillars, carved beams, red eaves and green tiles. Green railings are low around the windows, and embroidered curtains are hung high.
threshold. There are five main halls, with golden books hanging on the foreheads of imperial edicts; the two verandahs are decorated with colorful paintings of coming and going. In the shadow of the green locust tree, the star gate is high
Green clouds; in the shade of green willows, Jingzhong Temple invades the sky. On the Golden Palace, there are statues of thirty-six Tiangang generals including Song Gongming and others; two
In the corridor, there are seventy-two Disha generals listed as Zhu Wu. The attendants in front of the door are ferocious, and the soldiers under his command are brave. Paper stove craftsman
Building towers and burning silk fabrics all year round. The mast is hung high and long, and the people of Ershe Township offer sacrifices and competitions. The common people respectfully pay homage to the righteous gods and offer sacrifices to the gods
Chao Shen Zhonglie Emperor. Enjoy endless incense for thousands of years, and record your achievements for thousands of years.
There is another quatrain, the poem says:
Tiangang has been exhausted and returned to the heaven, and the evil spirit of the earth should return to the earth.
They have served as temple food for gods throughout the ages, and are heroes throughout history.
Later, the gods of the Song Dynasty and the Ming Dynasty appeared one after another, and the people continued to enjoy sacrifices at all times. Pray for wind in Liangshan berth and you will get wind, and pray for rain and you will get rain. Chuzhou Polygonum
Erwa is also effective. The people there rebuilt the main hall, added two corridors, and petitioned for a grant. Thirty-six members of the makeup sculpture statue are in
In the main hall, the two corridors still have sculptures of seventy-two generals. Festivals are enjoyed every year, and all people pay homage to them. The monuments still exist to this day. The historian has two poems of Tang rhymes
In mourning, the poem says:
Don't hide your actions to blame God, the Han Pengchi tribe is already pitiful.
Dedicated to serving the country and destroying the front, he captured the Liao Dynasty in a hundred battles.
The evil star Yaogang is gone now, but the slanderers and traitors are still there!
I had known that the poison of poison was buried in the yellow soil, and I had learned how to use the barbarian boats.
Another poem:
When he is born as a cauldron, when he dies, he becomes a marquis. A man's ambition in life has been fulfilled.
The iron horse hisses at night, the moon rises in the mountains, and the black ape roars in autumn and the clouds thicken at dusk.
There is no need for the source to seek the authentic work, but Zhongliang is welcome to use it as the source.
For thousands of years, polygonum has been buried in the jade field, and the falling flowers and singing birds are always a source of worry.