It is said that among the thirty or twenty rogues outside the Jujube Gate, there are two leaders, and one is called a street rat.
Zhang San, one is called Green Grass Snake Li Si. These two were the leaders to take care of the future. Zhishen also went to the dung cellar and saw this group of people.
No one moved around, they just stood by the cellar and said together: "I am here to celebrate with the monk." Zhishen said: "Since you are neighbors
All the neighbors came to sit on the ground in the house. "Zhang San and Li Si prostrated themselves on the ground and refused to get up. They only expected the monk to help them.
He will take action. When Zhishen saw it, he was already suspicious and said: "This group of people is not trivial and unwilling to come near. Don't
Don't you want to mess with me? But that guy is stroking the tiger's beard instead! I will go forward and teach him how to look at his hands and feet. "The great strides of wisdom and depth
Stepping closer to the crowd, Zhang San and Li Si said: "Little brothers, I have come here to pay homage to Master."
Go forward, one to grab the left foot, and the other to grab the right foot. Zhishen didn't wait for him to occupy the body, got up early with his right foot, and rushed Li Si
He kicked down into the dung cellar first; Zhang San was about to leave, and Zhishen got up early with his left foot. Both scoundrels kicked and struggled in the dung cellar. behind
The twenty or thirty poor people were stunned and were about to leave. Zhishen shouted: "One goes, the other goes down;
Two go, two go down. "All the scoundrels didn't dare to move. They saw Zhang San and Li Si sticking their heads in the dung cellar.
It turned out that the dung cellar seemed to be bottomless. The two men were covered in stinky feces and their hair was covered with maggots. They stood in the dung cellar and shouted: "Master!"
Father forgive us. Zhishen shouted: "You rascals, help that bird up quickly, and I will spare you all." "Everyone
Give it a try and bring it to the gourd stand. Don't get close to the stinking filth. Zhishen laughed loudly and said, "You idiot, go and get some food."
I washed myself in the garden pond and talked to you all. "
After the two scoundrels washed themselves up, everyone took off their clothes and put them on with him. Zhishen shouted: "Come and sit down in the room and talk.
talk. Zhishen sat in the middle first, pointed at the crowd and said, "You guys, don't try to hide this from me. What kind of birds are you? Come on."
Here’s to teasing Sajia! "Zhang San, Li Si and their companions knelt down together and said: "The villain's ancestral home is here, and he only relies on gambling.
Begging for money for a living. This vegetable garden is our food and rice bowl. The Daxiangguo Temple sent money several times, but we couldn't do anything. But the master is
The elder who came there is so kind! I have never seen a master in Xiangguo Temple, so I am willing to serve you today. Zhishen said: "Sajia
It was the old official of Yan'an Prefecture in Guanxi who was in charge of the official account in front of the official account. Just because he wanted to kill more people, he was willing to become a monk and came here to Mount Wutai.
Sa's family name is Lu, and his legal name is Zhishen. Don't talk about what you are doing with these thirty or twenty people. They are among the thousands of troops and horses, I dare to attack them directly.
Go out. "All the gangsters murmured their thanks and left. Zhishen came to the room in the house, tidied up and took a rest.
The next day, the gangsters gathered some money and supplies, bought ten bottles of wine, brought a pig to invite Zhishen, and arranged everything in Liyu.
Lu Zhishen was asked to sit in the middle, and on both sides, the twenty or thirty gangsters sat and drank. Zhishen said: "What reason do you think that people
Bad money? "We are blessed," the crowd said. "Master is here to make decisions with us and everyone today." "Zhishen was overjoyed and half eaten
In the excitement, there were people singing, talking, clapping, and laughing. It was noisy there, and I could only hear the crows outside the door.
Wow. Everyone who was tapping their teeth said in unison: "The naked mouth goes to the sky, the white tongue goes to the ground." Zhishen said: "What are you doing?"
The crowd said: "The old crow crows, for fear of having a mouth." Zhishen said: "Where can I get this saying?" That kind of authentic person smiled and said: "In the corner of the wall
There is a new old crow's nest on the green poplar tree, which crows there until late every day. Everyone said: "Go up with the ladder and dismantle the nest." "
Several people said: "Let's go." Zhishen also took advantage of the wine and went outside to take a look. Sure enough, there was an old crow's nest in the green poplar tree.
The crowd said, "If you go up and take down the ladder, your ears will be clean." Li Si then said, "I'll climb up with you, no need for a ladder."
Zhishen took a look, walked to the tree, took off his straight robe, put his right hand downwards, turned his body upside down, and pulled out the upper part of his robe with his left hand.
I took advantage of my waist and uprooted the green poplar tree. When all the thugs saw it, they all fell to the ground and shouted: "Master is extraordinary."
Human beings have the body of a true Arhat, and they don’t have the strength to pull it out. How can they pull it out? Zhishen said: "Is it really important to fight? I'll see Sa's family tomorrow."
Perform martial arts and use weapons. "The gangsters dispersed that night.
Starting from tomorrow, these twenty or thirty people who have settled down to see Zhishen's plaque will come to Zhishen with wine and meat every day to watch him play the role of a military envoy.
fist. After a few days, Zhishen thought deeply and said, "They eat and drink a lot every day. The Sa family will also arrange some return banquets today." He called the Taoist.
I went to the city and bought some fruits, sold two or three loads of wine, and killed a bunch of pigs and a bunch of sheep. It was the end of March and the weather was hot.
Zhishen said: "It's hot." He called the Taoist to spread reed mats under the green locust tree and invited the many rogues to sit down. Pour wine in a big bowl, big
He cut the meat into pieces so that everyone was full, and then took the fruit to eat, and the wine was very strong. The gangsters said: "I have seen Master perform well these days.
If we have never seen Master use the equipment, how can we ask Master to teach us how to use it? Zhishen said: "That's right." "He went to the room to take it out
The thick iron Zen staff is five feet long from head to tail and weighs sixty-two pounds. When everyone saw it, they were all surprised and said: "The arms are not as big as a buffalo."
How to use strength? "Zhishen took it and moved it with a swish. There was no unevenness in his body. Everyone looked at it and they all
Cheers.
