As Wu Song was walking, he saw the wine pouring up, so he put the felt hat on his back, tied the whistle stick under his ribs, and walked step by step.
Come up to that hill. When I looked back at the sunset, it was gradually falling. The weather is now October, with short days and long nights.
It's easy to get late. Wu Song said to himself: "What kind of big insect is that? People are afraid of themselves and dare not go up the mountain." Wu Song left
All the while, the alcohol took over and I became hot. Holding the whistle stick in one hand, he opened his chest with the other hand, staggering,
He ran straight through the jungle. Seeing a large piece of bluestone with light on it, I leaned the whistle stick on one side, turned over, and was about to fall asleep.
I saw a strong wind coming. The ancients had four lines of poetry describing the wind:
Intangible and shadowless, it penetrates the human heart, and can blow all things into bloom in the four seasons.
Just remove the yellow leaves from the trees and push out the white clouds into the mountains.
It turns out that in the world, clouds are born from dragons, and winds are born from tigers. Wherever that gust of wind passed, I could only hear a thud behind the trees.
There was a loud noise, and a big, eye-catching white-fronted insect jumped out. When Wu Song saw it, he shouted: "Ah!" He pulled it down from the bluestone.
He took the whistle stick in his hand and flashed it next to the bluestone.
The big insect was hungry and thirsty. He pressed his two claws on the ground for a while, then he looked up and grabbed the insect from mid-air.
Come down. Wu Song was so shocked that he broke out in a cold sweat. It was too late to say that, but soon, when Wu Song saw the big insect coming, he only
Dodge, duck behind the big insect. It was most difficult for the big insect to see people from behind, so he put his front paws on the ground, lifted up his waist and hips, and lifted the
stand up. Wu Song just ducked and hid aside. Seeing that he couldn't catch him, the big insect roared, but it was like a thunderbolt for a long time.
The vibration made the mountains move, and the iron rod was like a tiger's tail, standing upright and cutting it off. Wu Song stepped aside again. turn out to be
The big insect only pounces, lifts, and cuts the person. When it cannot lift him, half of his spirit is gone. That big bug
It couldn't be cut again, so it roared again and came back again and again. When Wu Song saw the big insect turning over and coming back, he picked up the whistle stick with both hands.
He used all his strength to strike down from mid-air with just one stick. Only one sound was heard, and the tree was split open with branches and leaves.
Hit him down. When you look closely, you can't hit the big insect with a stick. It turned out that the blow was urgent and he was hitting a dead tree. He took the whistle stick
Fold it in half and hold only half in your hand.
The big insect roared, got angry, turned over and pounced again. Wu Song only jumped again, but took ten steps back.
Far. The big insect happened to place its two front paws in front of Wu Song. Wu Song threw half of the stick aside and used both hands to grasp it.
Grasp the big insect's scalp tightly and push it down. The big insect was about to struggle, but Wu Song tried his best to restrain it.
Are you willing to relax a little bit? Wu Song looked at the big insect's face and eyes with one foot, and just kicked it around. The big insect roars
He got up, climbed up two piles of yellow mud under his body, and made a pit. Wu Song pushed the big insect's mouth straight down into the yellow mud pit.
The big insect ate Wu Songnai and lost some of his strength. Wu Song grasped the flower skin tightly with his left hand, stole out his right hand, and lifted
He raised his fist as big as a hammer and used all his strength to just fight. After fifty or seventy punches, the big insect's eyes, mouth, and nose
Blood burst out from his chest and ears. Wu Song used his usual might and martial arts to fight off the big insect in a short while.
Make a pile, but it seems to be blocking a brocade leather bag. There is an ancient single-track article about Wu Song fighting a tiger in Jingyanggang:
The wind is blowing in Gangtou, Jingyang, and the sun is cloudy and hazy.
You can see the sunset hanging over the forest, and the cold mist filling the sky.
Suddenly there was a thunderclap, and the king of beasts flew out from the mountainside.
Head held high, teeth and claws showing off, all the elk are running around.
The strong man in Qinghe was still drunk, sitting alone at Gangtou and busy greeting each other.
The tiger is hungry and thirsty looking for people, how ferocious it is when it lifts and pounces!
When a tiger comes to pounce on a person, it's like a mountain falling down; when a person goes to meet the tiger, it's like a rock falling over.
When the arms and wrists fell, flying cannons fell, and the claws crawled into mud puddles.
The tips of his fists and toes were like raindrops, and his hands were dripping with scarlet red.
The bloody wind and rain filled the pine forest, and the scattered hairs and beards fell into the mountains and died.
Seen from a close distance, it appears to be extremely powerful, but from a distance, it appears to be powerful and majestic.
The wild grass is scattered all over the body, and the eyes are tightly closed so that the light does not flash.
At that moment, the tiger on Jingyang Hill was beaten by Wu Song with fists and kicks without even a meal, until the tiger couldn't move.
It made me gasp for breath. Wu Song let go and came to the pine tree to look for the discounted stick and held it in his hand; he was afraid of the big insect.
Not dead, hit the stick again. The big insect was gone. Wu Song thought again: "I dragged this big bug right on the spot.
The insects went down to the hills. "When I tried to lift it with my hands in the pool of blood, I couldn't lift it. It turned out that I had exhausted all my strength and my hands and feet were soft.
. Wu Song came to Qingshi again and sat for a while, thinking: "It seems dark, if another big insect jumps out,
